# A Project Idea for a Social Media site for Singles

There are loads of problems with the dating world, men are desperate, women are annoyed by the range of choices they have, there’s a lot of focus on looks and money, leaving little room for intellectually stimulating interactions.

Social media is also very boring these days, Instagram is for showing off, Facebook is just for friends and family, Twitter is for activism and Tiktok is for posting videos, but none of these appropriate for people looking to have nice conversations with people, without risking being called a creep, or worse, a predator. Reddit and Quora are good for intellectual discussions, but they don’t appreciate being there for romantic purposes.

And then, there’s the “loneliness epidemic”. I would have never known about this if it were not for YouTube and a girl I dated once. This girl told me that she was visiting a friend whom she befriended after she posted an ad somewhere looking for a friend. I mean, my God, you know things are bad when you have to advertise to find a friend.

And then, of course, there’s the inherent privacy requirement of a dating site. The problem then, is that you have to have the same 1-to-1 conversation with  every other person you “match” with.

# Name

The name can be Tinderbox, Matchsticks or whatever

# Idea

The idea behind this project is to have various public rooms (of limited size, say 500 people) dedicated to various topics, where people can have laid-back, yet intellectually stimulating, discussions. A user would be randomly assigned to a different room every time, unless they prefer to be in a particular room. People can have various subtopics within their room, like the room for sports (there will be multiple rooms for sport, like sport-1, sport-2) can have a group for Arsenal fans, a group for Indian cricket fans, one for Saudi Pro League and so on. A user can just go and join a group and start communicating or they could find a free member and start talking to them, the name of the group can be generated by AI.

# Rooms and Groups Regulation

In order to allow everybody a fair chance of entering any discussion they like, a user’s entry into each group will be time-barred to 24h. They can however add friends and find out where they are and try to join them where they are, or ask them to join them by leaving the other group. Within a group, the members can vote to lock the group for an hour to allow for some privacy. The members who don’t agree can leave and make their own group.

# User’s Profiles

A user should indicate if they’re “open to romantic interest”, whether they are human or AI, they should have a pseudonym, they might have a score based on the likes they get in a discussion. They might have a couple of tags showing their “strong areas” based on their scores in a particular group/room. The would also have an avatar image as well as their job in the real world, like “Pharmacist”, “Engineer”, “Lawyer”.

# Visual Setting

The room can have multiple socializing spaces, like bars, sitting areas, arcades (use in mini games), bakeries, kiosks, smoking areas, shops to buy chocolates and flowers. These spaces will have a fixed capacity, but each user can only stay there for an hour and won’t be allowed back until after 4 hours have passed.

# Mini Games

People can go and play games together, like darts, arcade games (space invaders, racing), snooker, airhockey

# Role of AI

AI can emulate a user, participate in discussions and give good suggestions to keep the conversation going.

BNBR makes Quora boring. Extensive reporting on Twitter can have you banned. AI in CompanionBuch can interrupt a discussion and clarify ideas, ask people to be nice.

# Financing

Donations can be asked from users to keep the servers running

Sponsorships can be offered to companies to advertise in places, like the bar, the smoking area, the living area in the form of snacks

In-game purchases, like buying someone a flower, a pack of chocolates. If you accept a gift from someone, it'd appear on your avatar for the next hour